[80] Identify AI genomics people & orgs (#82)
nestauk/ai_genomics: ai_genomics/analysis/ai_genomics_experts/README.md

> # AI Genomics expert people and organisations

Reviewer: actually - could be good to add the numbers of people/orgs per dataset in the readme?

## OpenAlex

We have queried our provisional AI and genomics OpenAlex corpus to identify the top 50 most active researchers in the whole corpus and also focusing on the authors of publications with high year-normalised citations. We only include in our list authors who are affiliated to an UK institution in their most recent publication.

- The AI and genomic corpus we use to generate this list is provisional. It for example includes plant and genomics research which might be less relevant for the project.
- The AI and genomic corpus we are using doesn't include 2022 data. This also means that we might be including non-UK based researchers that changed affiliations in 2022.
- Our corpus includes many multi-author papers. This means that we might be including researchers with peripheral involvement in many papers, and researchers who were not involved in the "AI" component of a genomics paper.
- We have included links to researchers OrcID profiles and OpenAlex links to make it possible to inspect their publications and OpenAlex concepts associated with them.

## Patents

> We have used the AI and genomics patents dataset to identify the assignees who are related to the most patent publication numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have used the AI and genomics patents dataset to identify the top 20 assignees who are related to the most patent publications. 
```
